c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Training.dll.config
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Training.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Training.pdb
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Automation.Utilities.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.Azure.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.Azure.xml
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\obj\Debug\Training.dll
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\obj\Debug\Training.pdb
c:\users\salma.assem\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Training\Training\obj\Debug\Training.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
